README.md, before:

[![Build](https://github.com/Noah231515/receipt-wrangler-desktop/actions/workflows/docker-image.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Noah231515/receipt-wrangler-desktop/actions/workflows/docker-image.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Receipt-Wrangler/receipt-wrangler-desktop/graph/badge.svg?token=TCTGKLHIW1)](https://codecov.io/gh/Receipt-Wrangler/receipt-wrangler-desktop)

# Receipt Wrangler Desktop

The Receipt Wrangler Desktop provides the web interface for Receipt Wrangler, a free and open-source receipt management and splitting application.

## Overview

The desktop interface offers an intuitive way to interact with Receipt Wrangler's features including:
- Customizable dashboards
- Quick receipt scanning and processing
- Viewing/Editing receipts one after another, in a queue
- Receipt sharing and splitting
- Receipt image viewing/downloading

## Getting Started

Visit our [official documentation](https://receiptwrangler.io) for comprehensive setup and configuration instructions.

## Development

For development guidelines, configuration details, and component documentation, please refer to our [developer documentation](https://receiptwrangler.io/docs/category/development). Contributions welcome!

## License

This project is licensed under the AGPL-3.0 license - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Add archived notice to README
Add archived notice and update repository links.

README.md, after:

Archived since this has been combined in the monorepository: https://github.com/Receipt-Wrangler/receipt-wrangler

[![Build](https://github.com/Noah231515/receipt-wrangler-desktop/actions/workflows/docker-image.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Noah231515/receipt-wrangler-desktop/actions/workflows/docker-image.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Receipt-Wrangler/receipt-wrangler-desktop/graph/badge.svg?token=TCTGKLHIW1)](https://codecov.io/gh/Receipt-Wrangler/receipt-wrangler-desktop)

# Receipt Wrangler Desktop

The Receipt Wrangler Desktop provides the web interface for Receipt Wrangler, a free and open-source receipt management and splitting application.

## Overview

The desktop interface offers an intuitive way to interact with Receipt Wrangler's features including:
- Customizable dashboards
- Quick receipt scanning and processing
- Viewing/Editing receipts one after another, in a queue
- Receipt sharing and splitting
- Receipt image viewing/downloading

## Getting Started

Visit our [official documentation](https://receiptwrangler.io) for comprehensive setup and configuration instructions.

## Development

For development guidelines, configuration details, and component documentation, please refer to our [developer documentation](https://receiptwrangler.io/docs/category/development). Contributions welcome!

## License

This project is licensed under the AGPL-3.0 license - see the LICENSE file for details.
